In this video, I'm going to make a
Quick Digression.
I'll go through the code of creating the basic HTML table.
So at this point, we have cart-details works!
But lets go ahead and just kinds stub out
the basic HTML table for our shopping cart.
So I'll swing back into Visual Studio Code.
And I'll make some mods here
in this cart-details component.html file.
So I'll set up two div's here for the section and container.
And then for the real work in setting up our table...
I'll set up the CSS styles here
for table and table bordered.
I'll create a table row
and this will basically have a collection
of our table headers.
So we'll have a header here for product image,
and then I'll just copy this line,
and paste it x number of times.
So this will be product detail.
And then the last one there is no header.
We'll just kind of leave it blank.
All right, so that's pretty good.
Let me swing over to the browser
and just test it out to see what this looks like.
Not what I expected.
(chuckles)
The table should have colors and borders and stuff,
and that's not it.
Okay, so I have typo somewhere.
Lets swing back into the code and see what's going on.
And so it should have something to do
with the CSS styles, and ah!
It should be table-bordered.
So I have an extra, "D," in there.
So table, with no "D," bordered.
Okay, so let me fix that.
Remove that.
Remove the "D."
Okay, that looks good.
And so now lets save it, and swing back over.
And voila!
Okay great, so this is exactly what I was looking for.
Okay, good.
So we have the basic table in place.
There's no real data there,
but at least we have the basic template
of the basic structure set up and ready to go.
So just make sure you fix that one little typo that I had
and from there, you're good to go.
Alrighty, so I'll see ya in the next video.